https://imgur.com/gallery/NyAU1hJ
Answers:
        1. Server is a computer, that has it's own, hard disk, CPU, RAM. What
        separates server from your computer is that server gives service to
        other computers, whether it is to store files, to use email or to connect
        to web  sites. A server can be of one kind providing one service or it
        can provide all the services mentioned above.
        2. Domain name is a text based name of a webpage and used it is used
        by DNS to match it to its respective IP address.
        3. www.foobar.com, The domain name here is foobar.com that comes after
        the dot and the first part, www, is a subdomain. www is used as a CNAME
        record whose value is foobar.com, which is then used by DNS to find it's
        IP address.
        4. Web server in its hardware form stores the html, java, css, image,
        it also stores web server software. The web server software controls
        how websites are accessed. This is done with the help of HTTP server,
        that understand URL and HTTP requests, to deliver us a static webpage.
        5. Application Server handles the business logic. This means it will
        transform the data to provide special functions, to make the webpage
        interactive with the user. It is an intermediate between the webserver
        and database. It reduces the complex interaction between webserver and
        database, by storing previous interactions, giving better performance,
        better management.
        5. Database is a way to store information in an organized manner so
        that it can be easily accessed, updated and utilized.
        6. The server uses IP address to communicate with the client using
        protocols like TCP\IP, HTTP.

Issues with the infrastructure:
        1. It has SPOF. This can be with the client software or hardware, the network
        connection or with a single server. It is a single server, malfunction in its
        hardware or software or even issues in the data center can fail the entire system.
        2. Downtime when it is updating requires for the whole system to be
        shutdown, at this time users will not be able to access the services
        because there is no other server that can take its place.
        3. It is using a single server that can be overloaded with incoming
        bulky traffic. This can cause server crashing. There is no scalability
        because we don't have another server.
